Shudan Du
San Francisco, California I +1 917-574-1165 I nudandutusemalcon I Linkedln
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LYFT, SAN FRANCISCO, CA
Senior Product Manager
Jan 2022 - Present
Owned the end-to-end Scheduled Ride product from rider and driver experience to ML-driven driver earning, rider pricing
and dispatch algorithm. Scopes expand to affordable offerings and build 0-1 ads experience fori the offering in 2024.
Defined the business opportunity, vision, strategy, and roadmap for the Scheduled Rides product, influencing leadership to
prioritize and make investment decisions. Aligned cross-functional teams to achieve product goals.
Revamped the scheduled product experience to serve the airport use case, highlighted in the 2023 holiday travel marketing
campaign, resulting in a 2X% year-over-year, growth in scheduled airport rides.
Senior Analyst, Revenue Operations (Pricing)
Jun 2020 -Jan 2022
Led Shared Rides product pricing and packaging strategy, conducting user research and designing A/B testing with
algorithm data scientists and ML engineers, resulting in improved user adoption and optimized financial outcomes
NORTONLIFELOCK/SYMANTEC, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA
Senior Pricing Analyst
Aug 2018 - May 2020
Managed Norton Lifelock subscription pricing for user acquisition and retention in Asia Pacific regions. Designed and
implemented price tests in Japan, improving conversion rate by 10%.
Streamlined the pricing change workflow by identifying time-consuming steps and developing a simplified and automated
process. Reduced lead time by 30%.
BBVA (Global Spanish banking group with over 100K employees worldwide), HONG KONG
Analyst, Sales Strategy and Operation
Aug 2014 - Dec 2015
Developed a real-time, dynamic sales pipeline dashboard for the Head of Sales, enhancing visibility into key metrics and
improving forecast accuracy by segmenting conversion rates and revenue probabilities by sales pipeline stage.
PWC, HONG KONG
Associate, Auditing
Oct 2012 - Jul 2014
Provided audit services to clients in technology, retail, and manufacturing industries, enhancing client trust and satisfaction
through detailed financial analysis using Excel and SQL
PROJECTS
SYNC & SPARK (Community for Alj founders and founders-to-be)
Mar 2024 - Present
Founded and grew a community of 100+ Al builders, hosting bi-weekly roundtable discussions focused on Al product
development and go-to-market strategy to inspire innovative ideas and foster meaningful connections
TUCK BUSINESS SCHOOL SOCIAL MEDIA SITE CHINA
2016-2018
Founded Tuck Business School social media site in China, successfully growing the followers to 5,000 in one year, which
significantly boosted the school's brand awareness in the region
EDUCATION
TUCK SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AT DARTMOUTH, HANOVER, NH
2016-2018
Master of Business Administration degree; Tech & Entrepreneurship Concentration
CITY UNIVERSITY OF HONG KONG, HONG KONG
2008-2012
Bachelor of Business Administration with First Class Honors in Quantitative Finance and Risk Management
SKILLS/INTERESTS
Advanced in SQL, Mode Analytics, Excel and PowerPoint
Native in Mandarin, fluent in Cantonese