Shudan Du
San Francisco, California I +1 917-574-1165 I nudandutusemalcon I Linkedln
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LYFT, SAN FRANCISCO, CA
Senior Product Manager, Rider Offerings
Jan 2022 - Present
Owned the end-to-end Scheduled Ride product from rider and driver experience to ML-driven driver earning, rider pricing
and dispatch algorithm. Scopes expand to affordable offerings and build 0-1 ads experience fori the offering in 2024.
Defined the business opportunity, vision, strategy, and roadmap for the Scheduled Rides product, influencing leadership to
prioritize and make investment decisions. Aligned cross-functional teams to achieve product goals.
Revamped scheduled product experience to serve airport use case which was highlighted in 2023 holiday travel marketing
campaign that resulted to 2X% YoY scheduled airport rides growth.
Mentored 2] junior product managers and built a user-centric and impact-focused core product team culture with 18
engineers, 2 designers and 2 data scientists
Senior Analyst, Revenue Operations (Pricing)
Jun 2020 -J Jan 2022
Led the Shared Rides product pricing and packaging strategy that balanced user adoption and financial impact through
conducting user research, and designing A/B testing pricing experiments with algorithm data scientists and ML engineers.
NORTONLIFELOCK/SYMANTEC, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA
Senior Pricing Analyst
Aug 2018 - May 2020
Managed a cross-functional team on customer acquisition and retention pricing projects. Designed and implemented a
price test experiment in Japan, which improved the conversion rate by 10 basis points.
Influenced strategic pricing decisions in Asia Pacific countries through conducted customer lifetime value analysis.
Streamlined the pricing execution process by identifying time-consuming steps and developing a simplified and automated
process. Reduced lead time by 30%.
BBVA (Global Spanish banking group with over 100K employees worldwide), HONG KONG
Analyst, Strategy and Operation
Aug 2014 - Dec 2015
Identified key metrics for the sales team through data analysis and conversations with key stakeholders. Designed a
dashboard to visualize weekly results for the Head of Sales.
Designed a training course for the CRM system and conducted training sessions for 21 Global Market Sales staff, including
three country heads. Increased system usage by 20%, allowing for improved follow-up with clients.
PWC, HONG KONG
Associate, Auditing
Oct 2012 - Jul 2014
Recognized as a high performer, providing audit services to clients across technology, retail, and manufacturing industries.
EDUCATION
TUCK SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AT DARTMOUTH, HANOVER, NH
2016-2018
Master of Business Administration degree; GMAT 740
From 0 to 1: Built Tuck social media site in China, growing its following to 5k within 2 years to increase school brand awareness.
Improved engagement of prospective students, resulting in local admission events being filled within 24 hours
Managed a team of fellow classmates and partnered with the admission office for content generation and operation. The
initiative continues to be run by current students to this day
CITY UNIVERSITY OF HONG KONG, HONG KONG
2008-2012
Bachelor of Business Administration with First Class Honors in Quantitative Finance and Risk Management
SKILLS/INTERESTS
Life Coach, Product Manager Mentor on ADPList
Advanced in SQL, Mode Analytics, Excel and PowerPoint
Native in Mandarin, fluent in Cantonese