Han Yan
805-905-5791 I fqw6pv@virginia.edu www.linkedin.com/n/hanyan0606 hsmyaatusas
EDUCATION
University of Virginia, Bachelor's,
Computer Science & Statistics, Data Science minor, 5/2025, GPA: 3.8/4.0
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming (by YOE): Java (Spring Boot, Hibernate, J2EE) (4+), Python (3+), C/C++ (2+), React (1+), Node.js (1+),
Angular (1+), AWS (1+), Azure DevOps, SQLite, Docker, Shell, SQL, Linux, JavaScript.
Quantitative Finance Courses: Linear Algebra, Probability Theory, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, R (3+), Equity &
Option Trading, Tableau, Financial Accounting, Managerial Accounting.
WORK EXPERIENCE
CICC
July 2024 = Aug 2024
Java Quantitative Developer - Equity Trading Summer. Intern
Implemented a Java class dataloader for MySQL using Spring Boot and Hibernate, substituting KDB dataloader for hdf5
file live stock ticks from stock exchanges, ensuring seamless integration with existing systems.
Developed the SSE, SZSE, and HKSE stock exchange simulation utilizing JQuantLib and ZeroMQ for near-perfect
orderbook snapshot recovery, ensuring accurate back-testing of trading strategies.
Expanded the 10-depth level 2 market data provided by the stock exchange to show all orders in the order book for more
comprehensive strategy back-testing, providing over 300% additional proprietary data for the quant research team, enabling
more detailed analysis than publicly available information.
UVA Engineering, Charlottesville, VA
Multiple Positions
April 2022 = May 2024
Developed the distributed data infrastructure for disaster response and fast decision support with Next.js, Node.js, TypeScript,
PostgreSQL, Prisma, and Mapbox.
Extracted data from AWS DynamoDB and integrated MySQL with InnoDB to optimize storage and retrieval, enhancing the
system's capability to manage large-scale financial datasets. (Full Stack Engineer)
Utilized Python to construct a community dictionary for global BGP network protocols, boosting network understanding and
management by extracting detailed information for thousands of IP addresses on RADB. (Research Assistant)
Researched and experimented with the NLP model BERT, adjusting model parameters to reduce noise and optimize threshold
and batch sizes for improved on-device NLP training efficiency. (Research Assistant)
Led and managed lab sessions, teaching introductory computer architecture in C and assembly, and assisted 438 students with
debugging assignments. (Head Teaching Assistant)
Mastercard, O'Fallon, MO
Infrastructure Software Engineer Intern (System Platform Engineer)
June 2023 - August 2023
Led the transition from classic Endevor mainframe development to a modern DevOps environment using Azure DevOps,
Zowe CLI, Node.js, and Jenkins API integration, significantly enhancing the development workflow for a team of -100
engineers.
Managed Ansible Tower Docker image in a zCX with a CentoS environment.
Contributed to the full-stack team's Angular project using TypeScript and Angular, enhancing the frontend's responsiveness
and user experience.
Analyzed infrastructure OS processing data using SPLUNK and MySQL Performance Schema to monitor and report irregular
activities, ensuring system integrity and performance.
PROJECT
Project Management Web Application (In progress)
Summer 2024
Designed RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express.js to handle user authentication, project creation, and task assignments.
Integrated PostgresQL with Sequelize ORM for managing relational data and ensuring data integrity.
Developed the front-end with React and Redux for state management, ensuring a responsive and dynamic user experience.
Deployed the application using Docker containers with Compose for consistent environments across development & production.
Automated deployment pipelines using Jenkins, enabling continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD).
Configured Nginx as ai reverse proxy to manage server load and secure application endpoints.